Microsoft Access is a database management system (DBMS) for storing and managing data.

Access is part of the Microsoft 365 suite and is made for business and enterprise users.
While both contain tracking data, Access and Excel are very different programs.
Microsoft Access is a member of the Microsoft 365 family of applications and is a powerful productivity tool made for business and enterprise users.
Much like Microsoft Excel, Access lets you view and edit data. However, Access is more powerful than Excel and can handle much more data at once.

HOW TO USE MİCROSOFT ACCESS:
TABLES: Access stores its data in tables. You can create a single
database containing all the data for the entire project - this is often referred to as a "flat" database.

RELATIONAL DATABASES: It is almost always easier to create many
tables, each containing elements of data that must be tracked for a project (for example, a business might maintain separate tables for
product data, orders, customers, and shipping information). Each of  the tables can be related and linked to each other - this is called a
relational database, and this allows developers to create many relatively simple databases and associate them with each other.

FORMS: Database developers often create forms that allow users to
enter information into the database without using a spreadsheet.
By eliminating the need to enter data into a spreadsheet-like table, there is
much less chance for data entry error.

QUERY: Queries are another common element in Access databases.
The program supports complex queries to find information in the database, which can be important when the database contains thousands of entries.

REPORTS: Access allows users to quickly and easily create custom reports.
The Report Wizard makes it easy to sort, group, and label data for easy printing and sharing.
Taken together, these components allow businesses and organizations to manage and understand the vast amounts of data they need to store.

For example, a business might use Access to track its inventory
and sales, while a school might use Access to track its students, personal information, grades, performance, coursework, and teacher data.
Access is available for certain projects, such as the management of coworkers, tasks, achievements, deadlines, and follow-up activities.
